The final iteration of this project went much more smoothly than the previous iteration, as there were less obstacles and challenges this time. As the final iteration of the project, the majority of the tasks involved cleaning up our code and improving the design smell. Apart from that, we had to complete a few additional functions which could not be implemented properly in the previous iterations. As a result, each member completed all the functions in their designated section and cleaned up the code as well. This made it a lot easier for each member as they had become very familiar with their parts. Consequently, the time spent on the functions was very minimal and most of the time was spent on implementing the code with the front end. 

As the number of tasks that needed to be completed was very limited and minimal, we, as a group, did not have to meet up as often as we had in previous weeks. Communication was mainly done through online means as well as occasional calls. This was of great benefit to each of the members as it would have been difficult meeting up so often again. However, as in the previous iteration, each member provided the rest of the group with regular updates on their progress with their respective tasks. This way everyone was on the same page in terms of the progress made as well as with the overall progress of the project.

At the same time, similar to the previous iteration, we didn’t use the task board provided on gitlab, but we continued to use our own version of the task board to more clearly update each other on our progress. This way, we had in writing, where we were all up to.

With this iteration, as expected, the main obstacles we encountered were with the implementation of the backend with the front end. We kept running into errors here and there within the code which had to be fixed, resulting in a lot of time being spent. To handle these issues, we took turns to sift through different sections of the code in order to find areas we could fix the code so that the front end would work. This saved time for each of the members as it made it easier for each other to handle.

Once all the code had been completed, we had 2 members of the group look through the code one more time to further improve any areas, and to add in comments in the code. This ensured that nothing was missing from the code and that everything was complete.

Overall, this iteration was much more relaxed than the second iteration as most of the harder parts had been completed in the prior iterations. This was mainly because our time was managed much better than before and that there were less obstacles along the way.